Then I'm really unfair
Small gifts are no respect
It's nothing compared to your help to me.
I didn't expect you to not only raise bonds
You can even read a company's financial report
A problem that even Uncle Sun didn't see
You can see something I understand
There's more.
One ball!
You raise money internally by issuing bonds.
Funding can be temporarily relieved
But you still have 1.20 million in a month
Yeah, company liquidity needs 500,000
It takes 500,000 to treat Xiao An
This 1 million is gone
Yes, Mr. Xia
Our factory's net profit in a month is 30,000
How can I return the 1.20 million then?
I know you owe the factory money.
Let us Mr. Xia take on the debt for you
Regarding Mr. Xia's usual kindness to your wife
How dare you hurt him like this
You are such a wolf-hearted white-eyed wolf
It doesn't matter, as long as you can save the scene and Xiaoyan
Even if I do take on these debts
I would too
Don't worry
Mr. Yi has helped me so much
I'll lend you this 1.20 million
Whenever you want.
Mr. Sun doesn't need to borrow money
I can earn this 1.20 million in five days